advdoc.py
	Main parser file. This code slurps the input text, parses it, and spits out a dictionary that describes
	the adventure text. This is where all (most) interaction with the database happens; in theory the resulting
	dictionary should be a self contained description of everything needed to produce all versions of the adventure.
	Output dictionary attempts to resolve as much information as possible to ease the work of the backends, but some
	things like text formatting must still be done on a per backend basis.

	Major construct in this file is the Document, with various subclasses. Documents understand processing and
	behavior of their corresponding elements, and eventually response to a call to return their content with
	a dictionary representing the state of their element. The collection of dictionaries is arranged and returned
	as the output.

	Basic processing model is that incoming text passes through an instance of PatternBehavior, which builds
	the internal model. Then, textual elements pass through a second instance of PatternBheavior which catches
	replacement codes in the text and augments the model being build with the necessary global data but
	otherwise leaves the text in tact.

advmaker.wsgi
	Web glue that connects the application to the webserver.

advmaker_local.sh
	Script for submitting an adventure to a locally running instance. Use for debugging.

advtemplate.py
	Interfaces with Jinja2 templating language. Simple front end that manages templates in different dialects
	and provides custom handlers/converters/filters for Jinja.

advutils.py
	Simple utitlity routines for use in multiple other places. For example, gold/silver currency formatter.

advzip.py
	Highest layer that does not know about Flask/Django/Web toolkit/Webserver. Takes input from the user in the
	form of a zipped project file, returns a zip file of the results. Coordinates the parsing of the input, dispatching
	to output engines like LaTeX and FG, and invokes external processes like LaTeX and ghostscript as required. This
	is the real "frontend" code; if you wanted to turn AdvMaker (back) into a command line tool, or drop some other
	GUI on it, this is what you would replace.

application.py
	Flask application file. REST interface. Invoked by advmaker.wsgi. Does URL routing and JSON encoding for return
	results.

bibliography.py
	Manages the bibliographic database.

fantasygrounds.py
	The FantasyGrounds output engine. Takes the dictionary output from advdoc.py and produces a Fantasy Grounds .mod file.
	FantasyGrounds format is oriented around a series of XML records connect by various types of links the refer to other
	records based on their ID. This backend creates "pages" representing major sections (chapters, encounters, etc) of the 
	adventure, and formats those to fg records. Does some basic HTML like escaping and text conversiojn. Record IDs may be
	forward referencing, which makes FG mod production something of a mess. Writes the db.xml and description.xml files,
	leaves zipping of contents to the advzip.py level Adding features to the PDF is easy; adding features to FG is hard. 
	Always retain feature parity.

latexengine.py
	LaTeX backend. Produces the LaTeX files that eventually get turned into PDFs. Does LaTeX escaping of the text, then prepares
	the incoming dictionrary to be applies to the Ninja2 templates. Writes the latex files to the working output directory, leaves
	actual invocation of LaTeX to higher levels (advzip.py).

logger.py
	Represents the master system log where errors get written and eventually returned to the user. Not re-entrant, this class
	is global state. Must be rewritten to make AM invocable as a web app rather than just a plain cgi run once program.

magicitems.py
	Manages the magic item database, returning magic item records to high levels (advdoc.py). Note that magic items, more
	so than other database items, have significant per-adventure state such as flavor text, copies available, ect. They may
	reference spells and stat blocks. Consequently, lots of higher level processing of magic items actually lives in advdoc.py.

monsters.py
	Manages the monster database. Does de-normalization of monster records, filling in such things as skill and save numbers, 
	max hit points, xp values, and so on.

npc.py
	Manages the NPC database.

patterns.py
	Defines two classes critical to the parsing and procedssing of the input. PatternBehavior takes a dictionary of 
	regex rules mapped to functions. It matches its input against this dictionary and invokes the functions as needed.
	Incoming text is left unchanged. PatternSubstitutions is similar, expect that it replaces a matched expression with
	the output of the function.

	PatternBehavior is used by advdoc.py to build the internal model of the adventure, PatternSubstition is used
	by the back ends to do escaping and other manipulations of the text on a per output platform basis.

runlocal.sh
	Create a locally running instance of advmaker. Requires Flask and Jinja packageas to be installed. Note that
	this instance will handle as many requests as sent to it without restarting, but at present only the first run
	is correct, as the code is not re-entrant. As the very least you will see log messages accumlate between runs.
	Use for debugging, not production.

sidebar.py
	Manages the sidebar database.

simpleconfig.py
	Sugar on top of python config.ini classes.

spells.py
	Manages the spell database.

AdvMaker evolved from a once and done command line tool. Python does not provide a good way to do singletons, so AM instead used
package level variables to manage the state of global level objects. This is fine for once and done processing, but does not work
in a web frameworks were a single process handles multiple requests. Production AM deals with this by instructing Apache to reset
the process after each run. This is not efficent, both in terms of system calls and python parsing, but also because it forces the
ever growing DB files to be reread and re-parsed for every invocation.

To fix this, the database objects needs to be moved to a NoSQL store of some sort, and the database management classes need
to implement per-request state requests that represent the requests view of the DB. That is, they need to fetch and retain
requested objects, and then patch that view with data coming in from the project bundle via json files. The logger also needs
to per turned into a per-request object. All of this will require plumbing signficant state into the existing infrastructure.









